[YELLOW]About ZIGAMES

[WHITE]ZIGAMES is an entertainment company that is one of the world’s leaders of quality games for mobile devices. ZIGAMES leadership team is unparalleled in the industry, with executives from some of best global companies in entertainment, games, media, telecom, vas, internet and enterprise software. ZIGAMES “freemium” business model enables players to access games on their mobile devices at no cost or obligation. Players who enjoy ZIGAMES games can pay for the game to enhance their playing experience with an wonderful rewards.

[YELLOW]Product Introduction

[WHITE]Fortune game is a top view 2D game playable in Android OS based Phones and Tablets and publishable in Google Play store. The main objective of the game is to engage the player in a single playing session and beat other players, playing simultaneously. User need to pay the subscription money for Expert Mode (60 minutes of session only) and will get a chance to win Paytm Cash. User need to pay the the subscription Money on the App and with the Paytm account only. User can pay the Subscription money for the current live session and after, successful payment user can able to play the eligible live session. Winners will get Paytm Cash code on the notification section and user can able to redeem the Gift cash code through his/her Paytm account.

[YELLOW]How to Play?

[WHITE]The player will indulge in blasting bubbles with the tap of their finger on the screen. Blasting each one will generate points predefined for the corresponding bubble and printed on it. Blasting a demon bubble will reinitiate the score. There will be two types of playing sessions —Practice and Expert. In Practice mode the player can play for free, although the points will not be reflected in the Leaderboard after the end of each one hour session. To play the Expert mode, the player has to pay a certain amount (equal for everyone but configurable from back end) through PayTM payment gateway. After completing the session, if the player appear to be the highest scorer, a pre-purchased PayTM coupon code will be gifted to the player. Winner/s will get Gift Voucher on his/her App Notification only. Paytm gift voucher can be redeemed on (https://paytm.com/) website through Add Money to Wallet section. All gift voucher will have 1 year of validity (Expiry date will begiven only on the gift section on the app). User can contact paytm customer care for any Gift Voucher redemption related query.

[YELLOW]Return, Refund and Cancellation policy

[WHITE]App may charge fees to play as in expert mode or participate in game activities on the app for the reward purpose. ANY APPLICABLE FEE IS NOT REFUNDABLE IN WHOLE OR IN PART. from time to time modifications, amendments or supplements shall be effective immediately upon posting on the App, user would aware about the deduction on each session, If any change is unacceptable to you, you may cancel your account at any time, but ZIGAMES Pvt, Ltd. will not refund any fees that have been deducted from your account for playing the game purpose in expert mode.

[YELLOW]Privacy policy

[WHITE]This privacy policy forms part of our Website's/App’s Terms of Service, by accepting the Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy on the registration page, you consent to provide sensitive personal data or personal information and are aware of the purpose of sharing such information. Please do not register if you do not wish to share the mandatory personal information with ZIGAMES Infotech Pvt. Ltd (hereinafter referred as "FORTUNE") requested at the time of registration & Update Profile. Registration procedure cannot be completed until information in the non-optional fields is provided. Certain additional personal information may be requested by ZIGAMES Infotech Pvt. Ltd (hereinafter referred as "FORTUNE") for permitting you access to any Campaigns organized by ZIGAMES Infotech Pvt. Ltd (hereinafter referred as "FORTUNE").

[YELLOW]Terms and conditions[WHITE]

1. Fortune Game App is only for users who are Citizens of India, staying in India

2. The users below the age of 18 years will not be eligible to participate

3. User can Play beginner and Expert both Mode

4.	No reward will be given for beginner mode

5.	User need to Pay the Subscription charges for Expert Mode

6.	Expert Mode have 24 Game sessions in a day, each session will run for an Hour (60 Minutes)

7.	Users can join any of the Game session at any point of time and can also win the session

8.	After Successful subscription of any Game session, user can able to play the remaining session time till session expires.

9.	If User is subscribing at end of the Game session and if during payment, the current game session will expire/close/end, then he/she will not able to play that session

10.	Subscription Money is non-refundable and non-transferable in any circumstances

11.	Subscription charges will apply for each Game session and user can only able to play any session if he/she pay for the game session

12.	User can play the game session as many time he/she want

13.	The Prizes & gifts will be given to the users based on the Highest points that they accumulate by playing any of the session of the game

14.	The Prizes & gifts will be given to the users based on the Highest points that they accumulate by playing any of the session of the game

15.	All user’s points will be reset to Zero after each game session

16.	Winners will be declared after completion of 60 Minutes of game session and gifts/voucher will be distributed within next 60 minutes after the game session

17.	Users will be able to see his points and points of the top 10 leaders on the app in leaderboard

18.	The Points for every participation (Last 30 days) will be mentioned on the App

19.	The user who would have the highest points on the leader board will be given the first prize rest prizes is mentioned on the app if any

20.	Top winner/s will get Gift Voucher on his/her App Notification bar

21.	In case of a tie, winner will be declared on basis of game play time. Highest Points gainer in less time will win the game session

22.	Taxes part to be borne by the users if applicable

23.	Final point’s decision will be taken by ZIGAMES Infotech Pvt. Ltd. taking under all the conditions

24.	Employees of ZIGAMES Infotech Pvt. Ltd. would not be a part of the campaign participation and campaign winnings

[YELLOW]Disclaimer

[WHITE]This app also provides content from other internet sites or resources and while www.ZIGAMES.in / Fortune App has tried to ensure that the material included on this app is correct, reputable and of high quality, www.ZIGAMES.in / Fortune App cannot accept responsibility if this is not the case. www.ZIGAMES.in / Fortune App will not be responsible for any errors or for the results obtained from the use of such information or for any technical problems you may experience with this app. This disclaimer does not apply to any product warranty offered by the manufacturer of the product as specified in the product specifications. This disclaimer constitutes an essential part of this User Agreement. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, www.ZIGAMES.in / Fortune App or its suppliers shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses arising out of or in connection with this app, its services or this User Agreement. www.ZIGAMES.in / Fortune App, its associates, employees, directors and technology partners make no representations or warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, timeliness of any content, information, software, text, graphics, links or communications provided on or through the use of this app or that the operation of this app will be error free and/or uninterrupted. Consequently, www.ZIGAMES.in / Fortune App assumes no liability whatsoever for any monetary or other damage suffered by you on account of the delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of this site; and/or any interruption or errors in the operation of this app.

[YELLOW]Contact

[WHITE]ZIGAMES INFOTECH PVT. LTD.
Email : info@zigames.in, support@zigames.in, contactus@zigames.in
Contact No : +91 9918713101
Address : 11/516 Indira nagar Lucknow, U.P, India 226016

Contact for Inquiries about Services and Other query, Please send inquiries to the following mail address: info@zigames.in